Miss Huomei
This Lin Jingyun is too much
How dare I play you like that?
Lin Jingyun will not be arrogant for a few days
Wait until Beichen becomes the deputy city lord
He is the anniversary of Lin Jingyun's death
Hey
What happened to the thing I asked you to inquire about?
All right
The mayor's daughter especially likes sapphire necklaces
There happens to be a foreign firm on this street
His family has a treasure of the town store
The city lord's daughter will definitely like it
However, the daughter of the city lord has just returned from studying abroad
No one has ever seen hum
As long as I buy this necklace
Give it to the city lord's most beloved daughter
At that time, Beichen will become the deputy city lord
It will be smoother
Hey, Miss Screen, look over there
Hmph, it's really a narrow road for enemies
That bag just now is really beautiful. Hmm.
Sister, thank you for shopping with me these two days.
I'm so happy.
I didn't expect Xiaoxiao to be so cute either.
As the daughter of the city lord, she is still so easy to get along with
Sister, stop making fun of me
I don't know anyone in Jingping City
It's been a loss for my sister to accompany me these two days
I also want to thank my sister
Oh, yeah. Where are we going today?
This Wanli firm is very famous
Which favorite sister do you like to give it to you?
Sister, how can this be?
Not so good
What's the matter? Let's go!
Hey
This necklace is so pretty.
Madam has a good eye
Yeah, it's really pretty!
This is the treasure of our town store
Carved with the most precious sapphire
Do you like it?
I like it, but this is very expensive. Just like it.
Sister will send it to you.
How much is this necklace worth 1,000 oceans
1,000 oceans
No no no no
This is too expensive
Wrap me up
Ok sister
It's too expensive
How embarrassing is that?
Xiaoxiao, you just came back from studying abroad.
It is normal for my sister to give you a gift.
Sister is really fake
Like this necklace, I'll take it.